User 2: I'm generally worried about this overhaul.
User 2: It seems like we're being punished into one. Size fits. All approach
User 2: fair is that it will strip away our ability
User 2: to treat each patient as an individual individual.
User 2: reducing the quality of care we can provide.
User 1: We're definitely not aiming to do personalized healthcare. The idea behind this overhaul is to eliminate unnecessary bureaucracy, bringing to focus more on patient care rather than paper.
User 2: Hard not to feel skeptical
User 2: every time there's a new system, it just adds another layer of complexity.
User 2: We end up spending more time on training and compliance, instead of actually helping patients.
User 1: You can see how past experiences might make you feel that way. Let me assure you the training for this new system is designed to be intuitive and supportive. We're investing in state of the art technology that's user friendly and actually decreases your administrative mode.
User 2: Oh, I want to believe that's true. It's technology can really reduce that administrative burden and not just add it. That will be significant improvement.
User 1: Exactly. That's the goal. Moreover, we're setting up a feedback loop with frontline workers like yourself. This way we can quickly identify issues with the system, and make adjustments where necessary.
User 2: Hmm! That sounds promising.
User 2: Having a direct line with. Provide a feedback and see a real time. Changes will be will be making a big difference. It's comforting to know our voices, to be heard.
User 1: Your input is crucial. After all, you and your colleagues are the ones who we use the system daily. We need your expertise to ensure. It works well in practical, real world scenarios
User 1: 6, 1, 6.
User 2: I appreciate this, a pro collaborative approach. It gave me hope. And this transition might actually improve our work environment and the care we provide, and looking forward to seeing how it goes.
User 1: Thank you for being open to these changes. I'm confident that together we can create a system that not only meets but exceeds our healthcare expectations. Let's make this a model for others to follow.